fight hey what is going on guys it is
tedious 98 here and in today's video we
have a Q&A for you all the second one
actually so let's move on with the
questions already two questions for your
next Q&A vid 1 what is your favorite
character and who we use are in k x2 if
you create a new character from gage so
would it be raised powers clan include
pictures maybe so my first one will be
the favorite character who's my favorite
character obviously the god of thunder
Raiden he is a god of thunder I mean I
don't think there's anybody who can top
that in Mortal Kombat series at all and
if I could create a character i probably
wouldn't I'm sorry just because I really
am NOT into creating characters that
much I just don't want to have to use
the time to make a character when we
already have amazing characters in the
game take created for us and two who are
using MKX the other question probably
use Braden and scorpion the most for the
most of it but i will use every
character at least once just to test
them out but i will mostly use raid in
scorpion just because i love the way
look so do you think tanya would be
playable in Mortal Kombat X and do you
think she will play the roles phenix
assassin or help or story mode I do not
think that she will be playable because
the guy who's next question I'm gonna be
asking found a whole leaked roster and I
checked it out on Twitter and it looks
pretty legit I'm not throwing up any
pictures from this leaks if you guys are
hoping that would I'm not getting
another copyright strike I have a lot of
you my channel so no i do not think
Catania will be playable in mortal
kombat x and she will probably have a
cameo in the story Eischen onto Sasson
yes so so the next question we had was
from the leak guy and he says do you
think the main boss will be now well I
mean my lead guy is this guy
doubt Jack's pictures he leaked out the
wheel beginning shinnok revealed soon
for multiplayer but who do I think the
main boss will be I think it will be
shanik but also I think it will kind of
be Liu Kang the way so either shit uncle
Liu Kang my best is my guess is just as
best as you're so Liam judge asks what
faction you joining I will probably join
the White Lotus because it's raiden's
faction or probably i forget i think
it's brotherhood of shadow either White
Lotus of brotherhood shadow so guys that
does it for this QA also i want to give
a huge shout out XX little hound x he
made my youtube channel are my banner
and my profile picture so if you guys
want to go check out what he made on my
channel go ahead and check it out he's
amazing guys I could not thank him or so
now even though he took a little while
he's still got it to me I like that so
thank you so much dude I never did get
to thank you in video or anything so
that does it for today's video guys
leave a like on the video if you could
comment down below some questions for my
next QA and if you could please
subscribe if you're new here to never
miss mu Kombat X video and I'll see you
all in the next video have a good